Title: Mechanical Design

Brief intro of the project:
The importance of mechanical design is self-evident for robotics. This project develops novel modular robots.

Job description/workload
Students's job includes designing the mechanical structure of the robot modules based on the robot's conceptual configuration and 
functional requirements. This involves selecting standard components with appropriate specifications, for examples, motors, transmission mechanisms, and fasteners, as well as designing the remaining non-standard structural parts and covers through parametric modeling. The final mechanical design should meet standards of modularity, full disassembly and assembly via fasteners, interference-free parts, and manufacturability (machining). The workload is expected to be at least 12 hours per week. 

Keywords of this project
Robotics, Mechanical Design, Modular Design

Eligibility 
Students must finish the following prerequisite task and send the required material to zhongqiang.ren@sjtu.edu.cn to show their capability before joining the project.

Prerequisite: 
Your task is to use any 3D modeling software to design a snake robot module with a single DoF, and assemble 12 of your designed modules into a complete snake robot. The adjacent DoF of the snake robot should be arranged in an orthogonal configuration. You may refer to the modular design structure and configuration in (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6943219). The motor model and drawings can be downloaded from (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-M2WrZcG9g-qQKNJey8KFbdslrB4ziiq?usp=drive_link). The 3D models of fasteners can be generated using "大国工匠" platform. Finally, the mechanical structure of your designed robot must be disassemblable, support wiring, and be manufacturable. 

GUIDELINES: The given motor is a joint motor with a built-in reducer, so you hardly need to design any additional transmission structure.

REFERENCE:
1. If you have no experience in any 3D CAD software before, you can learn SolidWorks in (https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1iw411Z7HZ/?share_source=copy_web&vd_source=c88159cdbbf9b7d393a454c26a332460).
2. You can learn the meanings of parameters related to standard parts and the national standards from chapter 5, 10, 12, and 13 in textbook《机械设计（第十版）》(濮良贵).

Please submit a zip that includes:
1. All part and assembly files, placed in a structure that ensures they can be opened correctly in CAD softwares. If your CAD software is not SolidWorks, 
please convert your files into .stp format and submit.
2. An exploded view animation video of the designed robot module.
Send your folder in a zip to zhongqiang.ren@sjtu.edu.cn.